docs/source/index.rst, before:

BiaPy: Bioimage analysis pipelines
==================================

`BiaPy <https://github.com/danifranco/BiaPy>`_ is an open source user-friendly Python library for building bioimage analysis pipelines, also called workflows. This repository is actively under development by `Arganda's lab <https://sites.google.com/site/iargandacarreras/>`_ at `University of the Basque Country <https://www.ehu.eus/en/en-home>`_ and `Donostia International Physics Center <http://dipc.ehu.es/>`_. 

The library offers different pipelines such as semantic segmentation, instance segmentation, object detection, denoising, super-resolution, self-supervised and classification. The code is based on Keras/TensorFlow as backend. Given BiaPy’s DL-base core, a machine with a graphics processing unit (GPU) is recommended for fast training and execution.

                                                                                
.. image:: img/seg.gif
           :width: 100%                                                         
           :align: center 

           
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Get started
   :glob:
   
   get_started/installation.rst
   get_started/how_it_works.rst
   get_started/configuration.rst
   get_started/select_workflow.rst
   get_started/faq.rst

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Workflows
   :glob:

   workflows/semantic_segmentation.rst
   workflows/instance_segmentation.rst
   workflows/detection.rst
   workflows/denoising.rst
   workflows/super_resolution.rst
   workflows/self_supervision.rst
   workflows/classification.rst
   
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Tutorials
   :glob:

   tutorials/*
   
.. toctree::                                                                    
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: API

   API

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:
   :caption: Bibliography

   bibliography
   

Citation
========

This repository is the base of the following work: ::

    @Article{Franco-Barranco2021,                                                                                           
             author={Franco-Barranco, Daniel and Muñoz-Barrutia, Arrate and Arganda-Carreras, Ignacio},                        
             title={Stable Deep Neural Network Architectures for Mitochondria Segmentation on Electron Microscopy Volumes},          
             journal={Neuroinformatics},                                                                                             
             year={2021},                                                                                                            
             month={Dec},                                                                                                            
             day={02},                                                                                                               
             issn={1559-0089},                                                                                                       
             doi={10.1007/s12021-021-09556-1},                                                                                       
             url={https://doi.org/10.1007/s12021-021-09556-1}                                                                        
    }

Commit message:

Docs: improve text and add workflow examples images.

docs/source/index.rst, after:

BiaPy: Bioimage analysis pipelines in Python
============================================

`BiaPy <https://github.com/danifranco/BiaPy>`_ is an open source Python library for building bioimage analysis pipelines, also called workflows. This repository is actively under development by the Biomedical Computer Vision group at the `University of the Basque Country <https://www.ehu.eus/en/en-home>`_ and the `Donostia International Physics Center <http://dipc.ehu.es/>`_. 

The library provides an easy way to create image processing pipelines that are typically use in the analysis of biology microscopy images in 2D and 3D. Namely, BiaPy contains ready-to-use solutions for the tasks of semantic segmentation, instance segmentation, object detection, image denoising, single image super-resolution, self-supervised learning and image classification. The source code is based on Keras/TensorFlow as backend. Given BiaPy’s deep learning based core, a machine with a graphics processing unit (GPU) is recommended for fast training and execution.

                                                                                
.. image:: img/BiaPy-workflow-examples.png
           :width: 70%
           :align: center 

           
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Get started
   :glob:
   
   get_started/installation.rst
   get_started/how_it_works.rst
   get_started/configuration.rst
   get_started/select_workflow.rst
   get_started/faq.rst

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Workflows
   :glob:

   workflows/semantic_segmentation.rst
   workflows/instance_segmentation.rst
   workflows/detection.rst
   workflows/denoising.rst
   workflows/super_resolution.rst
   workflows/self_supervision.rst
   workflows/classification.rst
   
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Tutorials
   :glob:

   tutorials/*
   
.. toctree::                                                                    
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: API

   API

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:
   :caption: Bibliography

   bibliography
   

Citation
========

This repository is the base of the following work: ::

    @Article{Franco-Barranco2021,                                                                                           
             author={Franco-Barranco, Daniel and Muñoz-Barrutia, Arrate and Arganda-Carreras, Ignacio},                        
             title={Stable Deep Neural Network Architectures for Mitochondria Segmentation on Electron Microscopy Volumes},          
             journal={Neuroinformatics},                                                                                             
             year={2021},                                                                                                            
             month={Dec},                                                                                                            
             day={02},                                                                                                               
             issn={1559-0089},                                                                                                       
             doi={10.1007/s12021-021-09556-1},                                                                                       
             url={https://doi.org/10.1007/s12021-021-09556-1}                                                                        
    }
